I guess this is my seat rail from
private label manufacturing and I
ordered specifically seat rails for my
Recaro seats which are here these are
the genuine Recaro seats SPG's and put
the rails on and it looks good here and
here it looks pretty good fits right up
but it doesn't bolt to my frame in my
car this side and this side is not gap
far enough so you probably have to like
take these bolts out draw another hole
it's almost like whoever did this part
had these slide up too far surprised to
move these the exact same distance like
just like that initial work I think so
I'm gonna try to redo that we drill that
and try to gain this is on the passenger
side and don't mind the car is all
trashed up right now I know okay so we
got a retest fit before final drilling
and what I actually did was I just took
that bottom plate off the rail and be
sure to lock tight these putting put
these back in because all I did was just
finger
unloosen these but a basic screw driver
came right out so that's bad that needs
to be properly tightened down could be a
hazard for people that buy these on
rails so everybody who has bought these
rails be sure to go back a lot Loctite
these bolts down anyways i've undid this
this bracket down here that attaches via
two screws that you just saw and it
basically just slid the front screw that
was in the front hole this screw was
originally in this hole I just slid it
back so this is another hole on this
bracket that's now over here you can
either choose to drill hole over here we
can choose to just drill right through
this bracket with this hole already on
there that's what I'm gonna do and re
bolt it back up it's now perfectly
spaced well not perfectly but
there's little these slits right here is
now lining up on both sides of the seat
and that should be okay after you do
that your seat rails should bolt right
up and on the other side I've already
checked two on the other side of the see
you've already checked I haven't checked
the passenger side I mean the driver's
side so I'm pretty sure it's probably
gonna get messed up as well so see how
that one goes
once again this is the Recaro seat in my
project car it looks ugly as heck right
now I know
you